A 17-year-old, nonparous girl presented with a one-month history of noticeable pelvic mass and was diagnosed to have a left ovarian tumour in 2007 with a raised serum CA-125 of 350 IU/L. Other tumour markers were not performed due to financial constraint. An intraoperative frozen section revealed immature teratoma and she underwent fertility sparing surgery. A staging laparotomy with left salpingo-oophorectomy, peritoneal cytology, pelvic lymph nodes sampling, and infracolic omentectomy was performed. Postoperative histology report revealed mature teratoma with focal area of immature teratoma of the left ovary. There was no malignant cell infiltration to the omentum or lymph nodes. Histology revealed immature teratoma grade I, FIGO stage 1a. Despite being advised for close surveillance, she defaulted followup after 6 months postoperative.

The second case involved a 70-year-old gentleman with a past medical history of squamous cell carcinoma of the base of tongue six years prior. The patient presented with a single episode of chest pain at rest described as pressure-like and associated with shortness of breath and diaphoresis. Admission EKG revealed T-wave inversion in the anterior leads and a prolonged QT interval (). Cardiac enzymes were also noted to be elevated (CKMB 8.3 IU/l and troponin I 1.14 ng/mL). Transthoracic echocardiogram showed normal left ventricular function with no wall motion abnormalities or left ventricular hypertrophy. A diagnosis of non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) was made, and the patient was started on the appropriate acute coronary syndrome medications. Left heart catheterization was done the following day and revealed normal coronary arteries with slow flow noted in LAD.

The patient was positive for human metapneumovirus and had healthy appearing airways on bronchoscopy. After three days of progressive worsening on increased respiratory support, the patient was transferred to the JHH Pediatric Intensive Care Unit from an outside hospital and venovenous extracorporeal membrane oxygenation was initiated. Please refer to for the chest radiograph prior to ECMO initiation. The patient was initially treated with vancomycin, piperacillin/tazobactam, and fluconazole for presumed superinfection in addition to the HMPV pneumonia. After the blood cultures were negative for bacteria, fungi, and viruses for 48 hours, vancomycin and fluconazole were discontinued. However, due to the severity of his illness and concern for bacterial suprainfection, he completed an 11-day course of piperacillin/tazobactam for presumptive pneumonia. Due to decreasing urine output and concern for fluid overload compromising his respiratory status, the patient was started on continuous venovenous hemofiltration with a positive response, and he was subsequently transitioned to a furosemide infusion. He also required a nicardipine infusion for elevated blood pressures.